You gotta come with me.
What, Rick? What's going on?
I'm gonna surprise for you.
What are you talking about?
Come on, hurry up.
Ow, you're talking too hard.
Come on.
What do you think of this flying vehicle, Morty?
I built it out of stuff I found in the garage.
Yeah, Rick, it's great.
Is this the surprise?
I had to make a bomb out of it.
What? A bomb?
You're gonna drop it down there and create a whole fresh start.
Create a whole fresh start.
That's absolutely crazy.
Come on, Morty. Just take it easy.
Morty's gonna be good.
Right now, we're gonna go pick up your little friend, Jessica.
Jessica? From my math class?
Who would've dropped the bomb out?
You know, I want you to have somebody, you know,
I want you to have this thing.
I'm gonna make it like a new Adam and Eve, and you're gonna be Adam.
Jessica's gonna be Eve.
That's the surprise, Morty.
No, you can't.
Jessica doesn't even know I exist.
But forget about that because you can't blow up your ending.
I get what you're trying to say, Morty.
Listen, I'm not you.
You don't have to worry about me trying to fool around with Jessica.
That's around with Jessica or anything.
I'm not that kind of guy.
You're talking about Rick.
You don't have to worry about me getting to Jessica or anything.
She's all for you, Morty.
I don't care about Jessica.
You know what, Morty, you're right.
I'm gonna get the girl out together.
Don't treat her wrong.
That's it, Rick. I'm taking the wheel.
Get off of me, Morty.
I'm taking her to a new situation, Morty.
I'm not gonna stand around.
I'm gonna dump her.
What are you crazy?
I'm gonna throw her out of the whole world.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
I'll land her.